Events docs revamp (#8360)
Unleash/unleash: website/docs/feature-flag-tutorials/react/examples.md

Unleash provides the data to log any change that has happened over time, at the flag level from a global level. In conjunction with Unleash, tools like [Splunk](https://www.splunk.com/) can help you combine logs and run advanced queries against them. Logs are useful for downstream data warehouses or data lakes.

In our React tutorial application, we can view events in [Event Log](/reference/events#event-log) to monitor the changes to flag strategies and statuses we have made throughout our examples, such as:

-   When the `newNotificationsBadge` flag was created
-   How the gradual rollout strategy was configured
-   When and how the variants were created and configured

> ![Feature flag events. The flag's variant's have been updated.](/img/react-ex-event-log.png)

Author: ```suggestion
![Feature flag events showing that the flag's variants have been updated.](/img/react-ex-event-log.png)
```
